He said yes.
So if he points at anyone at the scene...
Do you believe it?
This is what we found in other people.
What's inside is that you colluded with the Pantheon accident organization.
Joint assassination Quang Linh Nhat
We went to Bikini to find out.
It's written on here.
It's your own.
Here's the proof.
What army of white deer colluded with the Pantheon?
How is that possible?
The truth is right in front of you.
I always thought there was a misunderstanding.
Now the gods are like mountains.
This White Hac Yuan Army is really the power to want to focus.
Will do such a thing.
This is my general's disgrace.
Master.
Master is not good.
I don't believe Yuan Joon would do this.
Leaving non-strict iron proof does not erase
Not guilty yet.
You also believe it's mine.
I'm asking you, and the answer is that I didn't collude with the Pantheon.
This letter was not written by me.
It's fake.
It's no shame that the border guards are white herons.
The evidence is in front of you.
You can still be so calm.
But if I'm not quite sure
Dare to honor you in vain to the king of sinners?
Do you want to hear what's inside?
If you're so confident.
So I'm curious.
What the hell's in there?